Jay took a trip to his old college. Jay is an alumni. He visited his friends. He went and got drunk. He had a good time. Why did He go ?
Kim was on her way to work. She went to drink some coffee from her thermos. It was cold and gross. She noticed she got the wrong thermos. She turned around for the right one. Why did She notice she got the wrong thermos?
I felt bored while walking. I found my iPod in my wallet. I put my earphones into my ears. I found a song on my menu screen. I began to listen to music while I walked. Why did I begin to listen to music while I walked?
Howard bought the new zelda game. He was so excited about it. He played the game for hours straight. He forgot to eat. He had to turn it off when his mom yelled at him. Why did He forget to eat?
Craig wanted to get rid of change. He went to the store to buy a few things. He wanted to pay with his change. There was a big line behind him. Craig was too shy and just paid with his debit card instead. Why did He go to the store?
Tom lost his job. He felt terrible because he had no money. He looked for a job online everyday. He decided to file for unemployment. Tom was happy when he got a fat unemployment check. Why did He look for a job?
Bob was in his school's cafeteria line. He saw that a couple people had skipped the line. Bob grew very angry. He went to confront these people. Bob ended up getting into a fight. Why did Bob grow very angry?
Leo loved to drink alcohol. He went to a party with his friends. Leo had too many drinks. He woke up in the hospital with alcohol poisoning. Leo vowed never to drink again. Why did Leo vow never to drink again?
Chad looked for a clean pair of pants. He looked in the closet to find none. He looked in the dryer for a pair. He looked in his car. He bought a new pair at the mall, again.	Why did He buy a new pair?
James wanted to be healthier. He decided to cut soda from his diet. He bought lots of bottled water from the store. He stuck to his plan to be soda free. He felt more energetic after not drinking soda. Why did He decide to cut soda from his diet?
Ken needed to do laundry because all his clothes were dirty. He went to the laundromat and no one was there. Ken decided to get naked and wash the clothes he was wearing. He ran out of money by the time he needed to use the driers. Ken strutted to his car for more quarters and a man whistled at him. Why did He run out of money?
Joe thought he was going crazy. He heard noises outside his window. He ran and told his mom. She went to hear what the noise was. It turns out it was just crickets. Why did He hear noises?
Lucy was driving on the highway. There was a lot of traffic. She wondered why there was a lot of traffic. Then she found out there was an accident. Lucy felt terrible.	Why did Lucy feel terrible?
Joe wanted a new cellphone. The new galaxy had just come out. He went to the nearest AT&T store and waited in line. When his name got called, they were sold out. Joe had to order his phone online. Why did He go to the nearest AT&T store?
Sam was looking for his trumpet. He asked his parents where it was. His parents admitted what they did. They took it away because he was too loud. He asked for it back but they refused. Why did He ask for it?
Phil has many dogs. He taught them many tricks. One day, the dogs stopped listening to Phil. He went to the store to buy different treats. The dogs started listening to Phil again.	Why has Phil many dogs?
Mary needed money for holiday shopping. Mary ended up taking a second job as a waitress. Mary made enough money for her holiday shopping. Mary went to the mall and bought all the presents she wanted. Mary quit her job after shopping. Why did Mary go to the mall?
Kelly was running through the fields with her friend. They went searching for lucky four leaf clovers. It took forever to find one. Finally Kelly found one. She decided to keep it under her pillow. Why did She decide to keep it under her pillow?
Sam loved his new apartment. There was only one problem. His cell phone didn't work well. He barely got any service. He had to switch carriers and pay more money.	Why had He to switch carriers and pay more money?
My name was Bob. I hated my name. I decided to change it. I changed it to Zeke. Now, I loved my name! Why did I decide to change it?